My project is to build  question bank (backend) and browser based exam-builder web page(frontend). I choose "Supabase" to be the backend. I created table and I have the url and non public key. 
I need you to create the browser based web page (frontend). There are 4 to 5 requirements that this should justify: 1- Import function: to import the csv/Json file (that are written specifically to fit the table in Supabase. 2- Generate: this is the main function to generate the exam with as many filters as the logic of choice/table contents will allow. Here I should highlight few things. Option to shuffle the choices of MCQ is important. Option to export the exam (the output) as PDF or print it directly (html). Option to show the question ID. Options to choose question types (and number of questions in each type "MCQ, Short Answer, Fill in Blank, True or False, Matching, ..etc), difficulty level (and number of questions in each difficulty level "Easy, Medium of Hard"). Option to choose questions based on text/keyword(s). Option to the display of question ID on/off. It should be able to generate the exam followed by the answer in a new page. it should also include titles and exam identification e.g. Exam Title, Instructor Name, Date(this can be automatically populated), Duration, Instructions 3- Manage: this function may display the generated question and offer the possibility to change/update or add information to the questions. This is because of two things: some columns are to be completed after trial to solve the exam (will explain later, and there could be a need to correct it or add more information. two options are required: 1- display the most recent generated/current exam (So the questions details can be updated), showing an old generated exam with the date of generation, name of exam, title..etc (to do the same) or searching by question ID to find specific question. 4- Statistic: showing general statistic, regarding how many questions in each files (course, type, difficulty..). How many questions were repeated in the exam...etc. It may also show specific statistics regarding the current generated exam e.g. how many questions in each type and percent, how many question in each difficulty level and percent..etc. 5- History: this function may include the previous exams (can be identified by the generated date, course, exam labels.etc (it may stay here separate or added to the statistics, whatever is easier, enhance the performance, and make no error/bugs).
I will attach the details regarding the table in Supabase (I include some details about how to generate the Json file, but this will not be part of this work; the project should start with: import csv/Jason file):

My request is to create this browse based Exam-Builder web page to work as the frontend. It is up to you to create it all at once or make it in different phases
